                                                                                                  This is my whole code Document, Clarification and Methodology
                                                                                                  
As an initialization I have to read words.txt file to make it as My dataset and determine a random word from it. The First step, we need to implement [6][5] grid to make the user interface with it on the terminal  and guesses 6 words from Dataset every word contains 5 letters. The Second step, the user has 6 tries to guess a word that will be randomly selected from the game (code).We have 2 options first one that the user guessed a word not included in Dataset,so we have to set an error message that WORD NOT FOUND, Try again!, second option that the user guessed the correct word from dataset so we have to determine letters that included in Random_word chose by game by its index. ->> {Bonus: according to color (Green ->> correct index,Yellow ->> close index,Gray ->> letter no included) >>> I didnt implement it by this way but i would like to illustrate how we could make it. Our list {Guesses} will store words guessed by user so we can loop inside every item in the list (every word guessed) and compare it with every letter in Random_word, if letter isnt FOUND in Random_word its color will be Gray. Moreover, if letter is found in Random_word with a different index its color will be yellow. Moreover, if letter is found in Random_word with the same index its color will be green. And that is the algorithm or methodology we could use to achieve our goal}.{I implemented it by the same algorithm or methodology but i gave a hint to the user by determining every letter if it is found on the Random_word or not and if it is found, Is it in the same index or not. All of these information displayed on the terminal}. Game ends when user has guessed the word correctly before 6 tries or the user has finished his 6 tries or i added an (additional property) ->> (if the user input is giveup so this will end the game and start it from the beginning). Score increase by 1 if user guessed the word correctly and vice versa it decreased by 1 if user failed to guess the word. I want to talk about time complexity too, my code time complexity is F(n**2) and this could be better but not that bad. I used a nested loop (for loop inside a while loop) the outer while loop is number of guessed words by user ( 6 iterations) and inner for loop is reading every letter inside every word ( 5 iteration per word) so n is equal to 5*6 = 30 which is approximetly F(n**2). I used a while(1) loop which is an infinite loop to make the game continuous until the user end it by himself. If user`s 6 tries end without guessing the word correctly the game will end and the score will decrease by 1 and the game will start again and again. Finally, i want to talk about decreasing time complexity even if i didnt implement it but this is not a problem i have to mention it too. To decrease it we can use a single for or while loop (while(1) not counted) and save our Random_word in a variable or a list, we will use our for or while loop to pass user input guessed words and compare every word with our Random_word and implement same methodology and algorithms i have used with my current code. That`s my code in detalis i hope it achieves the desired goal. 





